update changelog for health checks (#390)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

FEATURES:
* Connect: Support Kubernetes health probe synchronization with Consul for connect injected pods. [[GH-363](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/363)]
    * Adds a new controller to the connect-inject webhook which is responsible for synchronizing Kubernetes pod health checks with Consul service instance health checks.
      A Consul health check is registered for each connect-injected pod which mirrors the pod's Readiness status to Consul. This modifies connect routing to only
      pods which have passing Kubernetes health checks. See breaking changes for more information.

>     * Adds a new label to connect-injected pods which mirror the `consul.hashicorp.com/connect-inject-status` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Adds a new label to connect-injected pods which mirrors the `consul.hashicorp.com/connect-inject-status` annotation.
```

>     * Add a new pod label per connect-injected pod which mirrors the `consul.hashicorp.com/connect-inject-status` annotation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Adds a new label to connect-injected pods which mirror the `consul.hashicorp.com/connect-inject-status` annotation.
```

>   Consul-ENT only: Add a new annotation to each connect-injected pod when namespaces are enabled: `consul.hashicorp.com/consul-namespace` [[GH-376](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/376)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Consul-ENT only: Adds a new annotation to connect-injected pods when namespaces are enabled: `consul.hashicorp.com/consul-namespace` [[GH-376](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/376)]
```

BREAKING CHANGES:
* Connect: With the addition of the connect-inject health checks controller any connect services which have failing Kubernetes readiness
  probes will no longer be routable through connect until their Kubernetes health probes are passing.
  Previously, if any connect services were failing their Kubernetes readiness checks they were still routable through connect.
  Users should verify that their connect services are passing Kubernetes readiness probes prior to using health checks synchronization.

DEPRECATIONS:

> * `create-inject-token` in the server-acl-init job has been undeprecated.

Reviewer: Also, should this be in features instead of deprecations since this flag is not deprecated anymore?
```suggestion
* `create-inject-token` in the server-acl-init command has been undeprecated.
```

>   `create-inject-auth-method` has been deprecated and replaced by `create-inject-token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `-create-inject-auth-method` has been deprecated and replaced by `-create-inject-token`.
```

>   `create-inject-namespace-token` in the server-acl-init job has been deprecated. [[GH-665](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/665)].

Reviewer: Also, this should point to the consul-k8s PR rather than the consul-helm PR.
```suggestion
  `-create-inject-namespace-token` in the server-acl-init command has been deprecated. Please use `-create-inject-token` and `-enable-namespaces` flags to achieve the same functionality. [[GH-665](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/665)].
```

>   `-create-inject-namespace-token` in the server-acl-init command has been deprecated.Please use `-create-inject-token` and `-enable-namespaces` flags

Author: ```suggestion
  `-create-inject-namespace-token` in the server-acl-init command has been deprecated. Please use `-create-inject-token` and `-enable-namespaces` flags
```

>   See: [[GH-368](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/368)] for additional documentation regarding these changes.

Reviewer: Given my above comment, do we need this if the above reference would point to the same PR instead of the hashicorp/consul-helm#665?

Author: Yeah good point! Should we just leave it with #368 ?

Author: I've removed the reference to 665 and updated it to point to #368 thanks for the suggestion!
